What nationality was Chopin? (Polish)
What's the best known artificial international language? (esperanto)
Who lived at 221B, Baker Street, London? (Sherlock Holmes)
Who cut Van Gogh's ear? (he did)
Where did Salvador Dali live? (Figueras)
Who painted the Mona Lisa? (Da Vinci)
What Spanish artist said he would eat his wife when she died? (Dali)
Who wrote Julius Caesar, Macbeth and Hamlet? (Shakespeare)
Who wrote Lazarillo de Tormes? (anonymous)
What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan? (alarm clock)
Where was Lope de Vega born? (Madrid)
What are the first three words of the bible? (In the beginning)
What did the 7 dwarves do for a job? (miners)
Who painted the Sistine Chapel? (Michelangelo)
Who wrote La Colmena? (Cela)
Name a famous detective who smoked a pipe and played the violin. (Sherlock Holmes)
How many people went onto Noah's Ark? (Eight)
What was the name of Don Quijote's horse? (Rocinante)
Who was Robin Hood's girlfriend? (Maid Marian)
Who wrote the James Bond books? (Ian Fleming)
Who wrote Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? (Robert Louis Stevenson)
Who said, "I think, therefore I am"? (Descartes)
Who wrote the Ugly Duckling? (Hans Christian Andersen)
Where was El Greco born? (Greece)
What's the Hungarian word for pepper? (paprika)
Which painter did the group Mecano write a song about? (Dali)
Who wrote the Satanic Verses? (Salman Rushdie)
What was the first theatre play in Spain? (La Celestina)
What's the most important book in the Moslem religion? (Koran)
In children's literature, to which Chronicles do the books 'The Horse and His Boy' and 'The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe' belong? (Narnia)
In the Lewis Carroll novel 'Alice's Adventures in Wonderland', which birds were used as mallets in a croquet game? (Flamingos)
Which 1937 J.R.R. Tolkien novel features the shy and retiring creature Bilbo Baggins? (The Hobbit)
Losing My Virginity' was the title of the autobiography of which celebrity entrepreneur? (Richard Branson)
In Christianity, which part of the New Testament records a series of visions seen by John? (Revelation)
Which controversial artist painted pictures of cans of Campbell's soup? (Andy Warhol)
A novel of 1940 by Raymond Chandler was entitled 'Farewell, My' what? (Lovely)
Which Spanish painter was quoted as saying 'I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them'? (Picasso)
Who is the author of the 1999 best seller 'The Ground Beneath her Feet? (Salman Rushdie)
What is the name of the abstract art form originated by Picasso and Braque in the early 1900s? (Cubism)
Who wrote the operas 'The Barber Of Seville', 'The Thieving Magpie' and 'William Tell'? (Rossini)
Polish born musician Artur Rubenstein was famous for playing which instrument? (Piano)
Gregorio Fuentes, a Cuban fisherman who died in January 2002, inspired which of Hemingway's novels? (The Old Man And The Sea)
Antonio Canova's most famous sculpture, depicting goddesses of charm and beauty, is called 'The Three' what? (Graces)
In art, a triptych is a painting with how many panels? (Three)
Which Bill Watterson cartoon strip was first published on 18th November 1985? (Calvin & Hobbes)
The actor who was the first director of Britain's National Theatre Company was Laurence … who? (Olivier)
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote which famous novel that features the character Jim Hawkins? (Treasure Island)
Who wrote the novel 'Kidnapped', published in 1886? (R L Stevenson)
Sydney's Port Jackson Harbour is home to which famous building, completed in 1973? (Opera House)
Which cartoon hero was aided by 'The power of Greyskull'? (He-Man)
Which playwright once said 'I have nothing to declare but my genius'? (Oscar Wilde)
Which Impressionist artist was famed for his paintings of waterlilies? (Monet)
In Shakespeare's 'Troilus and Cressida', who did Paris seduce, causing the Greeks and Trojans to go to war? (Helen)
Which canine's 'Top-Secret Management Handbook' is a guide for stressed-out executives? (Dogbert)
Complete the title of John Le Carre's novel 'Tinker, Tailor, Soldier,…what' (Spy)
