Who cried during her Oscar acceptance speech for Shakespeare in Love? (Gwyneth Paltrow)
Which working hours were a hit for Dolly Parton? (Nine to Five)
Who won an Oscar for her first film role in Mary Poppins? (Julie Andrews)
What is Golide Hawn's real name? (Goldie Hawn)
Which film classic took its name from Ernest Dowson's Cynara? (Gone With The Wind)
What was Melissa Mathison's contribution to E.T.? (Scriptwriter)
Who played the Nutty Professor in the 1996 remake of Jerry Lewis's film? (Eddie Murphy)
Who or what is Priscilla in The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert? (Bus)
What is Jim Carrey's profession in Liar Liar? (Lawyer)
Janet Leigh played one of the most horrific scenes where in a motel? (Shower)
Who was cast as Princess Leia in Star Wars after her film debut in Shampoo with Warren Beatty? (Carrie Fisher)
Which group wrote the songs for the movie Saturday Night Fever? (The Bee Gees)
Who was Saving All My Love For You? (Whitney Houston)
Who was the first female with two UK million-selling singles? (Celine Dion)
Who was the director of the film "Psycho"? (Alfred Hitchcock)
In which city is Hollywood? (Los Angeles)
Who did John Lennon marry? (Yoko Ono)
How many oscars did Alfred Hitchcock win? (none)
What trumpeter became the oldest person ever to score a chart-topping single, in 1964? (Louis Armstrong)
What genre did Ice Cube define as "the network newscast black people never had"? (Rap)
What 1865 Wagner opera opens on a ship? (Tristan and Isolde)
What R&B vocal quartet titled its third album II in 1994? (Boyz II Men)
What dreadlocked Muppet musician followed Kermit's lead as host of 1996's The Muppets Tonight? (Clifford)
What TV cartoon character wrote on his school chalkboard. "I will not aim at the head" and "My name is not Dr. Death"? (Bart Simpson)
What's Fran's last name on The Nanny? (Fine)
What Melrose Place principal divorced a Motley Crue drummer and married a Bon Jovi guitarist? (Heather Locklear)
What animated character often uttered: "Get moose and squirrel"? (Boris Badenov)
What Saturday Night Live star said he learned how to fall playing soccer in college? (Chevy Chase)
What did Baywatch beauty Pamela Anderson wear to her Cancun wedding? (A bikini)
Who was the narrator for English language version of the movie March of the Penguins? (Morgan Freeman)
What infamous character has been portrayed in the movies by Anthony Hopkins, Brian Cox, and Gabriel Ullhiel? (Hannibal Lector)
What actor in the James Bond movies was knighted in 2003? (Roger Moore)
Who played her only major film role acting the role of Burt Lancaster's daughter in "Sweet Smell of Success"? (Susan Harrison)
Warren Beatty wore what color hat and coat in the movie Dick Tracy? (Yellow)
Marlon Brando plays a character named Terry Malloy in which movie? (On the Waterfront)
In which state did Chicago get together? (Illinois)
Which band produced the album Dark Side Of The Moon? (Pink Floyd)
Which group flew into the Hotel California? (The Eagles)
R.E.M. cut the No 1 album Out Of what? (Time)
Which band recorded the album Parallel Lines? (Blondie)
Which band sang I want to Know What Love Is? (Foreigner)
How many brothers were in the original Jackson family line up? (Five)
Tusk was a best-selling album for which band? (Fleetwood Mac)
What did the letter O stand for in ELO? (Orchestra)
Whose hits include Bad Moon Rising and Green River? (Creedence Clearwater Revival)
Which all time great band featured Harrison and Starkey? (The Beatles)
