Where are the Dolomites? (Italy)
What's the capital of Kenya? (Nairobi)
Which is the largest ocean? (Pacific)
What's the capital of Honduras? (Tegucigarpa)
What's the capital of Ethiopia? (Addis Ababa)
What's the capital of Ecuador? (Quito)
What's the smallest country in the world? (Vatican City)
What is the capital of Australia? (Canberra)
What's the largest city in India? (Bombay)
How many avenues radiate from the Arc de Triomphe in Paris? (Twelve)
What's the capital of Denmark? (Copenhagen)
What's the capital of Brazil? (Brasilia)
Which river goes through London? (Thames)
What's the highest mountain in Africa? (Kilimanjaro)
What's the capital of Finland? (Helsinki)
Where is Mulhacen? (Granada Spain)
How many states are there in the United States of America? (Fifty)
Which river passes through Madrid? (Manzanares)
Which German city is famous for the perfume it produces? (Cologne)
What's the capital of Monaco? (Monaco)
Which is Britain's second largest city? (Birmingham)
What is 15 metres high, 8 metres wide and 240 kilometers long? (The Great Wall)
What's the highest mountain in the world? (Everest)
What's the capital of Scotland? (Edinburgh)
Which country has the largest area: Australia, Brazil or India? (Brazil)
Where are the Luxembourg Gardens? (Paris)
Which mountains are between Spain and France? (Pyrenees)
Which is the smallest ocean? (Artic)
What U.S. state gave the world Louis Armstrong, Fats Domino, Mahalia Jackson and Jelly Roll Morton? (Louisiana)
What country is central to the books Out of Africa and The Green Hills of Africa? (Kenya)
What country boasts the world's highest paid national legislators? (The U.S.)
What southwestern U.S. state adopted the bola tie as its official state neckwear? (Arizona)
What $325 million chateau was finished for Louis XIV of France in 1682? (Versailles)
What southeastern state boasts the cities of Frog Jump, Only, and Sweet Lips? (Tennessee)
What Mississippi town name provides the answer to the Arizona town of Why? (Why Not)
What European country sells an amazing 550 million one-pound cans of Heinz Baked Beans, or ten per citizen, each year? (Britain)
What eastern town is home for a service academy and the U.S. Silver Depository? (West Point)
What ancient African country did the Greeks name for the "sun burnt faces" of its natives. (Ethiopia)
What's the only remaining European territory on the South American continent? (French Guiana)
What nation of over 7,000 islands has two-thirds of its population living on Luzon and Mindanao? (The Philippines)
What country receives 26 percent of all Saudi Exports? (The U.S.)
What Massachusetts spot is hyped as " America's Hometown"? (Plymouth)
What biblical place name means "pleasure"? (Eden)
What preceded Tokyo as the capital of Japan? (Kyoto)
What nation boasts the cities of Go Cong, Play Cu, Dong Ha and Ha Dong? (Vietnam)
What two U.S. cities have the same name, are the largest cities in their states, but are not state capitals? (Portland)
What U.S. state was named after chaste Queen Elizabeth I? (Virginia)
What Southwestern state are you standing in if you ring a doorbell in Ding Dong? (Texas)
What continent is Greenland a part of? (North America)
What southern U.S. state boasts the town of Satellite Beach? (Florida)
What country was created in 1920 from the remains of the Hapsburg Empire? (Austria)
What do Southerners call ground hominy with the germ removed? (Grits)
What Arab nation has the highest percentage of Christians? (Lebanon)
What U.S. state gets raked by the most tornadoes annually? (Texas)
What city does the Bible call the City of David? (Jerusalem)
What two U.S. states went to court in 1996 over ownership of historic Ellis Island? (New York and New Jersey)
What ice cream factory is the number one tourist attraction in Vermont? (Ben & Jerry's)
What Nebraska city outlawed burping in churches? (Omaha)
Which city is farthest west - San Diego, Reno, or Los Angeles? (Reno)
What island calls itself the Republic of China? (Taiwan)
What's the only state whose official state song was composed for a Broadway musical? (Oklahoma)
What outfit is known as the Red Crescent in Muslim nations? (The Red Cross)
