How many wives did Henry the Eighth have? (six)
Where was Franco born? (Teruel)
When did the first man go into space? (nineteen sixty one)
Who was the first man in space? (Gagarin)
Where did the first atomic bomb explode for the first time in Japan? (Hiroshima)
Who said, "Vini, vidi, vici"? (Caesar)
What year did Christopher Columbus go to America? (fourteen ninety two)
Who did Lady Diana Spencer marry? (Prince Charles)
Who did Prince Rainier of Monaco marry? (Grace Kelly)
What year did the Spanish Civil War end? (nineteen thirty nine)
When did the First World War start? (nineteen fourteen)
When did the Second World War end? (nineteen forty five)
Can Queen Elizabeth the Second vote? (no)
Who was the first president of America? (Washington)
Who did Franco designate as his successor in 1969? (Juan Carlos)
How many fingers did Ann Boleyn have? (eleven)
Who was Felipe el Hermoso's wife? (Juana la Loca)
Did Neil Armstrong put his l. or his r. foot on the moon first? (left)
What year did King Juan Carlos get married? (nineteen sixty two)
In what decade was the last execution at the Tower of London? (the nineteen forties)
When did the Americans leave Vietnam? (nineteen seventy three)
Who was the first man on the moon? (Armstrong)
What religion was Adolf Hitler? (Catholic)
Where was Marco Polo's home town? (Venice)
Which Italian leader was terribly afraid of the evil eye? (Mussolini)
How many children has Queen Elizabeth the Second got? (four)
What's the real name of Siddartha Gautama? (Buddha)
What's the name of the famous big clock in London? (Big Ben)
Where was Christopher Columbus born? (Genoa)
When did the American Civil War end? (eighteen sixty five)
What country gave Florida to the USA in 1891? (Spain)
Who gave his name to the month of July? (Julius Caesar)
What did the Montgolfier brothers invent? (the balloon)
When was President Kennedy killed? (nineteen sixty three)
What stopped in London at 3.45 on August 5th, 1975? (Big Ben)
What nationality was Marco Polo? (Italian)
What Nazi propagandist said: "Think of the press as a great keyboard on which the government can play"? (Joseph Goebbels)
What cleric addressed the U.N. in English, French, Spanish, Russian, Arabic and Chinese in 1995? (Pope John Paul II)
What mobster sighed: "I've been accused of every death except the casualty list of the World War"? (Al Capone)
What was the first company in the world to post $1 billion in annual earnings, in 1995? (General Motors)
What Uganda city's airport saw an Israeli commando raid rescue 103 hostages in 1976? (Entebbe's)
What 20th-century conflict saw U.S. soldiers "die for a tie"? (The Korean War)
What increased in the U.S. from 1.5 million to seven million in 1930? (Unemployment)
What city had the first public school, college and newspaper in the thirteen British colonies? (Boston)
What scandal was the Tower Commission set up to investigate in 1986? (The Iran-Contra affair)
What Filipino was acquitted of fraud charges in the U.S. in 1990? (Imelda Marcos)
What were the Soviet Union's symbols for work in the factory and on the land? (Hammer and sickle)
Who expected to be paid 2,000 pounds for surrendering West Point to the British? (Benedict Arnold)
What did an official U.S. investigation call " the greatest military and naval disaster in our nation's history"? (The attack on Pearl Harbor)
Whose migraine headache vanished after he read Robert E. Lee's note of surrender? (Ulysses S. Grant's)
