How many colours are there in a rainbow? (Seven)
How many legs has a spider got? (Eight)
What are the three primary colours in art? (red, blue and yellow)
What type of elephant has got the biggest ears? (African)
Who invented the electric light bulb? (Thomas Edison)
Who invented the telephone? (Bell)
Which nail grows fastest? (middle)
What temperature Celsius does water boil at? (one hundred)
Who discovered penicillin? (Fleming)
What did Joseph Priesley discover in 1774? (Oxygen)
Where is the smallest bone in the body? (ear)
Which is the only mammal that can't jump? (elephant)
What does the roman numeral C represent? (one hundred)
What colour is a panda? (black and white)
What's the smallest type of tree in the world? (Bonsai)
Who invented television? (John Logie Baird)
Who said E=mc2 (Einstein)
Which planet is nearest the sun? (Mercury)
What colours make purple? (red and blue)
What's the hardest rock? (diamond)
What radioactive element is extracted from carnotite and pitchblende? (Uranium)
What organ of a buffalo did Plains Indians use to make yellow paint? (The gallbladder)
What optical aids was nearsighted model Grace Robin the first to show off in 1930? (Contact lenses)
What creature's fossilized leg bone did John Horner discover red blood cells in, in 1993? (A tyrannosaurus rex's)
What sticky sweetener was traditionally used as an antiseptic ointment for cuts and burns? (Honey)
What computer was introduced in 1984 Super Bowl ads? (The Macintosh)
What male body part did Mademoiselle magazine find to be the favorite of most women? (Eyes)
What planet is named after the Greek god who personified the sky? (Uranus)
What fat substitute got FDA approval for use in snack foods, despite reports of diarrhea and cramps? (Olestra)
What plant's meltdown was dubbed "Russian Roulette" by nuclear power wags? (Chernobyl's)
What is a single unit of quanta called? (A quantum)
What will fall off of the Great Sphinx in 200 years due to pollution and erosion, according to scholar Chikaosa Tanimoto? (It's head)
What suntan lotion was developed by Dr. Ben Green in 1944 to protect pilots who bailed out over the Pacific? (Coppertone)
What was Friedrich Serturner the first to extract from opium and use as a pain reliever? (Morphine)
What substance nets recyclers the most money? (Aluminum)
What are you shopping for if you are sized up by a Brannock Device? (Shoes)
What animal travels at 25 mph under water but finds it easier to toboggan on its belly on land? (The penguin)
What's the itchy skin condition tinea pedis better known as? (Athlete's foot)
What uncooked meat is a trichina worm most likely to make a home in? (Pork)
How many of every 10 victims infected by the Ebola virus will die in two days? (Nine)
What computer company was named after a founder's memories of spending a summer in an Oregon orchard? (Apple)
What butterfly-shaped gland is located just in front of the windpipe? (The Thyroid)
What's short for "light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation"? (Laser)
What planet is the brightest object in the sky, after the sun and moon? (Venus)
What weapon did German gunsmith August Kotter unload on the world in 1520? (The rifle)
What type of machine did 19-year-old French genius Blaise Pascal invent to help his dad do taxes in 1642? (An adding machine)
What do leukemia sufferers have too many of? (White blood cells)
What Benjamin Holt invention was good news to farmers in 1900? (The tractor)
What weather phenomenon is measured by the Beaufort scale? (Wind)
What do itchy people call the "rhus radicans" they were sorry they came into contact with? (Poison Ivy)
What drupaceous fruit were Hawaiian women once forbidden by law to eat? (The coconut)
