Who won a gold medal for Spain in cycling in the 1992 Olympics? (Jose Manuel Moreno)
What do you use to take a cork out of a bottle? (a corkscrew)
What language has the most words? (English)
What's the name of the main airport in Madrid? (Barajas)
What money do they use in Japan? (yen)
Where does the American president live? (The White House)
What is the first letter on a typewriter? (Q)
What do the opposite sides of a dice add up to? (Seven)
Which fast food restaurants were established by Ray Kroc? (McDonalds)
How long is a round in boxing? (three minutes)
What's the highest score in a gymnastics exercise? (ten)
What time do the pubs normally close in England? (eleven)
How many months have 31 days? (seven)
How many eyes are there on a pack of 52 cards? (forty two)
What is the main language in Albania? (Tosco)
What's the fastest passenger plane in the world? (concorde)
What are the Sun, the Independent and the Guardian? (newspapers)
How many coloured balls are there in billiards? (fifteen)
What's the longest word in Spanish? (superextraordinarissimo)
How many players are there in a basketball team? (five)
Which is the most spoken language? (Chinese)
How many lanes does an olympic swimming pool have? (eight)
In what language does "obrigado" mean "thank you"? (Portuguese)
How many squares are there on a chess board? (sixty four)
How many prongs are there on a fork? (four)
Who starts first in chess? (white)
How many events are there in the decathlon? (ten)
What activity other than jumping are kangaroos good at? (boxing)
How many players are there in a volleyball team? (six)
Who named a perfume for her fashion shows on the 5th day of the month? (Chanel)
How many dots are there on two dice? (forty two)
What horoscope sign has a crab? (cancer)
In which shop can you buy books in England? (bookshop)
Where were the last Olympics of the 20th century in the USA held? (Atlanta)
How many 20th century Olympics were held in Los Angeles? (Two)
In basketball, where do the Suns come from? (Phoenix)
Who did Joe DiMaggio play for throughout his career? (New York Yankees)
In football, what do the letters NFL stand for? (National Football League)
The Davis Cup is competed for in which sport? (Tennis)
