What nationality was Chopin? (Polish)
What's the best known artificial international language? (esperanto)
Who lived at 221B, Baker Street, London? (Sherlock Holmes)
Who cut Van Gogh's ear? (he did)
Where did Salvador Dali live? (Figueras)
Who painted the Mona Lisa? (Da Vinci)
What Spanish artist said he would eat his wife when she died? (Dali)
Who wrote Julius Caesar, Macbeth and Hamlet? (Shakespeare)
Who wrote Lazarillo de Tormes? (anonymous)
What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan? (alarm clock)
Where was Lope de Vega born? (Madrid)
What are the first three words of the bible? (In the beginning)
What did the 7 dwarves do for a job? (miners)
Who painted the Sistine Chapel? (Michelangelo)
Who wrote La Colmena? (Cela)
Name a famous detective who smoked a pipe and played the violin. (Sherlock Holmes)
How many people went onto Noah's Ark? (Eight)
What was the name of Don Quijote's horse? (Rocinante)
Who was Robin Hood's girlfriend? (Maid Marian)
Who wrote the James Bond books? (Ian Fleming)
Who wrote Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? (Robert Louis Stevenson)
Who said, "I think, therefore I am"? (Descartes)
Who wrote the Ugly Duckling? (Hans Christian Andersen)
Where was El Greco born? (Greece)
What's the Hungarian word for pepper? (paprika)
Which painter did the group Mecano write a song about? (Dali)
Who wrote the Satanic Verses? (Salman Rushdie)
What was the first theatre play in Spain? (La Celestina)
What's the most important book in the Moslem religion? (Koran)
In children's literature, to which Chronicles do the books 'The Horse and His Boy' and 'The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe' belong? (Narnia)
In the Lewis Carroll novel 'Alice's Adventures in Wonderland', which birds were used as mallets in a croquet game? (Flamingos)
Which 1937 J.R.R. Tolkien novel features the shy and retiring creature Bilbo Baggins? (The Hobbit)
Losing My Virginity' was the title of the autobiography of which celebrity entrepreneur? (Richard Branson)
In Christianity, which part of the New Testament records a series of visions seen by John? (Revelation)
Which controversial artist painted pictures of cans of Campbell's soup? (Andy Warhol)
A novel of 1940 by Raymond Chandler was entitled 'Farewell, My' what? (Lovely)
Which Spanish painter was quoted as saying 'I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them'? (Picasso)
Who is the author of the 1999 best seller 'The Ground Beneath her Feet? (Salman Rushdie)
What is the name of the abstract art form originated by Picasso and Braque in the early 1900s? (Cubism)
Who wrote the operas 'The Barber Of Seville', 'The Thieving Magpie' and 'William Tell'? (Rossini)
Polish born musician Artur Rubenstein was famous for playing which instrument? (Piano)
Gregorio Fuentes, a Cuban fisherman who died in January 2002, inspired which of Hemingway's novels? (The Old Man And The Sea)
Antonio Canova's most famous sculpture, depicting goddesses of charm and beauty, is called 'The Three' what? (Graces)
In art, a triptych is a painting with how many panels? (Three)
Which Bill Watterson cartoon strip was first published on 18th November 1985? (Calvin & Hobbes)
The actor who was the first director of Britain's National Theatre Company was Laurence … who? (Olivier)
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote which famous novel that features the character Jim Hawkins? (Treasure Island)
Who wrote the novel 'Kidnapped', published in 1886? (R L Stevenson)
Sydney's Port Jackson Harbour is home to which famous building, completed in 1973? (Opera House)
Which cartoon hero was aided by 'The power of Greyskull'? (He-Man)
Which playwright once said 'I have nothing to declare but my genius'? (Oscar Wilde)
Which Impressionist artist was famed for his paintings of waterlilies? (Monet)
In Shakespeare's 'Troilus and Cressida', who did Paris seduce, causing the Greeks and Trojans to go to war? (Helen)
Which canine's 'Top-Secret Management Handbook' is a guide for stressed-out executives? (Dogbert)
Complete the title of John Le Carre's novel 'Tinker, Tailor, Soldier,…what' (Spy)
Who cried during her Oscar acceptance speech for Shakespeare in Love? (Gwyneth Paltrow)
Which working hours were a hit for Dolly Parton? (Nine to Five)
Who won an Oscar for her first film role in Mary Poppins? (Julie Andrews)
What is Golide Hawn's real name? (Goldie Hawn)
Which film classic took its name from Ernest Dowson's Cynara? (Gone With The Wind)
What was Melissa Mathison's contribution to E.T.? (Scriptwriter)
Who played the Nutty Professor in the 1996 remake of Jerry Lewis's film? (Eddie Murphy)
Who or what is Priscilla in The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert? (Bus)
What is Jim Carrey's profession in Liar Liar? (Lawyer)
Janet Leigh played one of the most horrific scenes where in a motel? (Shower)
Who was cast as Princess Leia in Star Wars after her film debut in Shampoo with Warren Beatty? (Carrie Fisher)
Which group wrote the songs for the movie Saturday Night Fever? (The Bee Gees)
Who was Saving All My Love For You? (Whitney Houston)
Who was the first female with two UK million-selling singles? (Celine Dion)
Who was the director of the film "Psycho"? (Alfred Hitchcock)
In which city is Hollywood? (Los Angeles)
Who did John Lennon marry? (Yoko Ono)
How many oscars did Alfred Hitchcock win? (none)
What trumpeter became the oldest person ever to score a chart-topping single, in 1964? (Louis Armstrong)
What genre did Ice Cube define as "the network newscast black people never had"? (Rap)
What 1865 Wagner opera opens on a ship? (Tristan and Isolde)
What R&B vocal quartet titled its third album II in 1994? (Boyz II Men)
What dreadlocked Muppet musician followed Kermit's lead as host of 1996's The Muppets Tonight? (Clifford)
What TV cartoon character wrote on his school chalkboard. "I will not aim at the head" and "My name is not Dr. Death"? (Bart Simpson)
What's Fran's last name on The Nanny? (Fine)
What Melrose Place principal divorced a Motley Crue drummer and married a Bon Jovi guitarist? (Heather Locklear)
What animated character often uttered: "Get moose and squirrel"? (Boris Badenov)
What Saturday Night Live star said he learned how to fall playing soccer in college? (Chevy Chase)
What did Baywatch beauty Pamela Anderson wear to her Cancun wedding? (A bikini)
Who was the narrator for English language version of the movie March of the Penguins? (Morgan Freeman)
What infamous character has been portrayed in the movies by Anthony Hopkins, Brian Cox, and Gabriel Ullhiel? (Hannibal Lector)
What actor in the James Bond movies was knighted in 2003? (Roger Moore)
Who played her only major film role acting the role of Burt Lancaster's daughter in "Sweet Smell of Success"? (Susan Harrison)
Warren Beatty wore what color hat and coat in the movie Dick Tracy? (Yellow)
Marlon Brando plays a character named Terry Malloy in which movie? (On the Waterfront)
In which state did Chicago get together? (Illinois)
Which band produced the album Dark Side Of The Moon? (Pink Floyd)
Which group flew into the Hotel California? (The Eagles)
R.E.M. cut the No 1 album Out Of what? (Time)
Which band recorded the album Parallel Lines? (Blondie)
Which band sang I want to Know What Love Is? (Foreigner)
How many brothers were in the original Jackson family line up? (Five)
Tusk was a best-selling album for which band? (Fleetwood Mac)
What did the letter O stand for in ELO? (Orchestra)
Whose hits include Bad Moon Rising and Green River? (Creedence Clearwater Revival)
Which all time great band featured Harrison and Starkey? (The Beatles)
Where are the Dolomites? (Italy)
What's the capital of Kenya? (Nairobi)
Which is the largest ocean? (Pacific)
What's the capital of Honduras? (Tegucigarpa)
What's the capital of Ethiopia? (Addis Ababa)
What's the capital of Ecuador? (Quito)
What's the smallest country in the world? (Vatican City)
What is the capital of Australia? (Canberra)
What's the largest city in India? (Bombay)
How many avenues radiate from the Arc de Triomphe in Paris? (Twelve)
What's the capital of Denmark? (Copenhagen)
What's the capital of Brazil? (Brasilia)
Which river goes through London? (Thames)
What's the highest mountain in Africa? (Kilimanjaro)
What's the capital of Finland? (Helsinki)
Where is Mulhacen? (Granada Spain)
How many states are there in the United States of America? (Fifty)
Which river passes through Madrid? (Manzanares)
Which German city is famous for the perfume it produces? (Cologne)
What's the capital of Monaco? (Monaco)
Which is Britain's second largest city? (Birmingham)
What is 15 metres high, 8 metres wide and 240 kilometers long? (The Great Wall)
What's the highest mountain in the world? (Everest)
What's the capital of Scotland? (Edinburgh)
Which country has the largest area: Australia, Brazil or India? (Brazil)
Where are the Luxembourg Gardens? (Paris)
Which mountains are between Spain and France? (Pyrenees)
Which is the smallest ocean? (Artic)
What U.S. state gave the world Louis Armstrong, Fats Domino, Mahalia Jackson and Jelly Roll Morton? (Louisiana)
What country is central to the books Out of Africa and The Green Hills of Africa? (Kenya)
What country boasts the world's highest paid national legislators? (The U.S.)
What southwestern U.S. state adopted the bola tie as its official state neckwear? (Arizona)
What $325 million chateau was finished for Louis XIV of France in 1682? (Versailles)
What southeastern state boasts the cities of Frog Jump, Only, and Sweet Lips? (Tennessee)
What Mississippi town name provides the answer to the Arizona town of Why? (Why Not)
What European country sells an amazing 550 million one-pound cans of Heinz Baked Beans, or ten per citizen, each year? (Britain)
What eastern town is home for a service academy and the U.S. Silver Depository? (West Point)
What ancient African country did the Greeks name for the "sun burnt faces" of its natives. (Ethiopia)
What's the only remaining European territory on the South American continent? (French Guiana)
What nation of over 7,000 islands has two-thirds of its population living on Luzon and Mindanao? (The Philippines)
What country receives 26 percent of all Saudi Exports? (The U.S.)
What Massachusetts spot is hyped as " America's Hometown"? (Plymouth)
What biblical place name means "pleasure"? (Eden)
What preceded Tokyo as the capital of Japan? (Kyoto)
What nation boasts the cities of Go Cong, Play Cu, Dong Ha and Ha Dong? (Vietnam)
What two U.S. cities have the same name, are the largest cities in their states, but are not state capitals? (Portland)
What U.S. state was named after chaste Queen Elizabeth I? (Virginia)
What Southwestern state are you standing in if you ring a doorbell in Ding Dong? (Texas)
What continent is Greenland a part of? (North America)
What southern U.S. state boasts the town of Satellite Beach? (Florida)
What country was created in 1920 from the remains of the Hapsburg Empire? (Austria)
What do Southerners call ground hominy with the germ removed? (Grits)
What Arab nation has the highest percentage of Christians? (Lebanon)
What U.S. state gets raked by the most tornadoes annually? (Texas)
What city does the Bible call the City of David? (Jerusalem)
What two U.S. states went to court in 1996 over ownership of historic Ellis Island? (New York and New Jersey)
What ice cream factory is the number one tourist attraction in Vermont? (Ben & Jerry's)
What Nebraska city outlawed burping in churches? (Omaha)
Which city is farthest west - San Diego, Reno, or Los Angeles? (Reno)
What island calls itself the Republic of China? (Taiwan)
What's the only state whose official state song was composed for a Broadway musical? (Oklahoma)
What outfit is known as the Red Crescent in Muslim nations? (The Red Cross)
How many wives did Henry the Eighth have? (six)
Where was Franco born? (Teruel)
When did the first man go into space? (nineteen sixty one)
Who was the first man in space? (Gagarin)
Where did the first atomic bomb explode for the first time in Japan? (Hiroshima)
Who said, "Vini, vidi, vici"? (Caesar)
What year did Christopher Columbus go to America? (fourteen ninety two)
Who did Lady Diana Spencer marry? (Prince Charles)
Who did Prince Rainier of Monaco marry? (Grace Kelly)
What year did the Spanish Civil War end? (nineteen thirty nine)
When did the First World War start? (nineteen fourteen)
When did the Second World War end? (nineteen fourty five)
Can Queen Elizabeth the Second vote? (no)
Who was the first president of America? (Washington)
Who did Franco designate as his successor in 1969? (Juan Carlos)
How many fingers did Ann Boleyn have? (eleven)
Who was Felipe el Hermoso's wife? (Juana la Loca)
Did Neil Armstrong put his l. or his r. foot on the moon first? (left)
What year did King Juan Carlos get married? (nineteen sixty two)
In what decade was the last execution at the Tower of London? (the nineteen fourties)
When did the Americans leave Vietnam? (nineteen seventy three)
Who was the first man on the moon? (Armstrong)
What religion was Adolf Hitler? (Catholic)
Where was Marco Polo's home town? (Venice)
Which Italian leader was terribly afraid of the evil eye? (Mussolini)
How many children has Queen Elizabeth the Second got? (four)
What's the real name of Siddartha Gautama? (Buddha)
What's the name of the famous big clock in London? (Big Ben)
Where was Christopher Columbus born? (Genoa)
When did the American Civil War end? (eighteen sixty five)
What country gave Florida to the USA in 1891? (Spain)
Who gave his name to the month of July? (Julius Caesar)
What did the Montgolfier brothers invent? (the balloon)
Who is the president of Iraq? (Sadam Hussein)
When was President Kennedy killed? (nineteen sixty three)
What stopped in London at 3.45 on August 5th, 1975? (Big Ben)
What nationality was Marco Polo? (Italian)
What Nazi propagandist said: "Think of the press as a great keyboard on which the government can play"? (Joseph Goebbels)
What cleric addressed the U.N. in English, French, Spanish, Russian, Arabic and Chinese in 1995? (Pope John Paul II)
What mobster sighed: "I've been accused of every death except the casualty list of the World War"? (Al Capone)
What was the first company in the world to post $1 billion in annual earnings, in 1995? (General Motors)
What Uganda city's airport saw an Israeli commando raid rescue 103 hostages in 1976? (Entebbe's)
What 20th-century conflict saw U.S. soldiers "die for a tie"? (The Korean War)
What increased in the U.S. from 1.5 million to seven million in 1930? (Unemployment)
What city had the first public school, college and newspaper in the thirteen British colonies? (Boston)
What scandal was the Tower Commission set up to investigate in 1986? (The Iran-Contra affair)
What Filipino was acquitted of fraud charges in the U.S. in 1990? (Imelda Marcos)
What were the Soviet Union's symbols for work in the factory and on the land? (Hammer and sickle)
Who expected to be paid 2,000 pounds for surrendering West Point to the British? (Benedict Arnold)
What did an official U.S. investigation call " the greatest military and naval disaster in our nation's history"? (The attack on Pearl Harbor)
Whose migraine headache vanished after he read Robert E. Lee's note of surrender? (Ulysses S. Grant's)
How many colours are there in a rainbow? (Seven)
How many legs has a spider got? (Eight)
What are the three primary colours in art? (red, blue and yellow)
What type of elephant has got the biggest ears? (African)
Who invented the electric light bulb? (Thomas Edison)
Who invented the telephone? (Bell)
Which nail grows fastest? (middle)
What temperature Celsius does water boil at? (one hundred)
Who discovered penicillin? (Fleming)
What did Joseph Priesley discover in 1774? (Oxygen)
Where is the smallest bone in the body? (ear)
Which is the only mammal that can't jump? (elephant)
What does the roman numeral C represent? (one hundred)
What colour is a panda? (black and white)
What's the smallest type of tree in the world? (Bonsai)
Who invented television? (John Logie Baird)
Who said E=mc2 (Einstein)
Which planet is nearest the sun? (Mercury)
What colours make purple? (red and blue)
What's the hardest rock? (diamond)
What radioactive element is extracted from carnotite and pitchblende? (Uranium)
What organ of a buffalo did Plains Indians use to make yellow paint? (The gallbladder)
What optical aids was nearsighted model Grace Robin the first to show off in 1930? (Contact lenses)
What creature's fossilized leg bone did John Horner discover red blood cells in, in 1993? (A tyrannosaurus rex's)
What sticky sweetener was traditionally used as an antiseptic ointment for cuts and burns? (Honey)
What computer was introduced in 1984 Super Bowl ads? (The Macintosh)
What male body part did Mademoiselle magazine find to be the favorite of most women? (Eyes)
What planet is named after the Greek god who personified the sky? (Uranus)
What fat substitute got FDA approval for use in snack foods, despite reports of diarrhea and cramps? (Olestra)
What plant's meltdown was dubbed "Russian Roulette" by nuclear power wags? (Chernobyl's)
What is a single unit of quanta called? (A quantum)
What will fall off of the Great Sphinx in 200 years due to pollution and erosion, according to scholar Chikaosa Tanimoto? (It's head)
What suntan lotion was developed by Dr. Ben Green in 1944 to protect pilots who bailed out over the Pacific? (Coppertone)
What was Friedrich Serturner the first to extract from opium and use as a pain reliever? (Morphine)
What substance nets recyclers the most money? (Aluminum)
What are you shopping for if you are sized up by a Brannock Device? (Shoes)
What animal travels at 25 mph under water but finds it easier to toboggan on its belly on land? (The penguin)
What's the itchy skin condition tinea pedis better known as? (Athlete's foot)
What uncooked meat is a trichina worm most likely to make a home in? (Pork)
How many of every 10 victims infected by the Ebola virus will die in two days? (Nine)
What computer company was named after a founder's memories of spending a summer in an Oregon orchard? (Apple)
What butterfly-shaped gland is located just in front of the windpipe? (The Thyroid)
What's short for "light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation"? (Laser)
What planet is the brightest object in the sky, after the sun and moon? (Venus)
What weapon did German gunsmith August Kotter unload on the world in 1520? (The rifle)
What type of machine did 19-year-old French genius Blaise Pascal invent to help his dad do taxes in 1642? (An adding machine)
What do leukemia sufferers have too many of? (White blood cells)
What Benjamin Holt invention was good news to farmers in 1900? (The tractor)
What weather phenomenon is measured by the Beaufort scale? (Wind)
What do itchy people call the "rhus radicans" they were sorry they came into contact with? (Poison Ivy)
What drupaceous fruit were Hawaiian women once forbidden by law to eat? (The coconut)
Who won a gold medal for Spain in cycling in the 1992 Olympics? (Jose Manuel Moreno)
What do you use to take a cork out of a bottle? (a corkscrew)
What language has the most words? (English)
What's the name of the main airport in Madrid? (Barajas)
What money do they use in Japan? (yen)
Where does the American president live? (The White House)
What is the first letter on a typewriter? (Q)
What do the opposite sides of a dice add up to? (Seven)
Which fast food restaurants were established by Ray Kroc? (McDonalds)
How long is a round in boxing? (three minutes)
What's the highest score in a gymnastics exercise? (ten)
What time do the pubs normally close in England? (eleven)
How many months have 31 days? (seven)
How many eyes are there on a pack of 52 cards? (forty two)
What is the main language in Albania? (Tosco)
What's the fastest passenger plane in the world? (concorde)
What are the Sun, the Independent and the Guardian? (newspapers)
How many coloured balls are there in billiards? (fifteen)
What's the longest word in Spanish? (superextraordinarissimo)
How many players are there in a basketball team? (five)
Which is the most spoken language? (Chinese)
How many lanes does an olympic swimming pool have? (eight)
In what language does "obrigado" mean "thank you"? (Portuguese)
How many squares are there on a chess board? (sixty four)
How many prongs are there on a fork? (four)
Who starts first in chess? (white)
How many events are there in the decathlon? (ten)
What activity other than jumping are kangaroos good at? (boxing)
How many players are there in a volleyball team? (six)
Who named a perfume for her fashion shows on the 5th day of the month? (Chanel)
How many dots are there on two dice? (forty two)
What horoscope sign has a crab? (cancer)
In which shop can you buy books in England? (bookshop)
Where were the last Olympics of the 20th century in the USA held? (Atlanta)
How many 20th century Olympics were held in Los Angeles? (Two)
In basketball, where do the Suns come from? (Phoenix)
Who did Joe DiMaggio play for throughout his career? (New York Yankees)
In football, what do the letters NFL stand for? (National Football League)
The Davis Cup is competed for in which sport? (Tennis)
